DOC: standardize capitalization of headings (#25016)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/user/how-to-partition.rst

  >>> np.logspace(2, 3, num=5, base=2)
  array([4.        , 4.75682846, 5.65685425, 6.72717132, 8.        ])

> ND domains
> ==========
> 
> nD domains can be partitioned into *grids*. This can be done using one of the

Author: I looked, and I can't find an authoritative right or wrong. But this is how it seemed to be in a few other places within the NumPy documentation.
```suggestion
N-D domains
===========

N-D domains can be partitioned into *grids*. This can be done using one of the
```
